hi pia how are you i'm good so fear what
do you do for a living
so i create music projects for children
in care
i was in care myself
as i was growing up unfortunately my mum
got bipolar disorder so i became a carer
for her from like the age of eight
at one stage it got a little bit too
much so i
ended up going into foster care when i
was caring for my mom and living with
another family at some point you can
feel a little bit like what's going on
in my life like why
is this happening but you just have to
take yourself out of that victimizing
mindset and just go and smash something
and achieve something
all right fear we are rooting for you
[Music]
come on get in our bun give us sweet
feeding huh
[Music]
thing i wow over there
that's me standing in the mirror
what's that i sit there hanging down my
neck yeah
that's gold give me some spectacles
[Music]
if i was you i'd wanna be me to come out
loving me too i'd wanna be me too
if i was you i'd wanna be me too
i'd wanna be me too i'd wanna be me too
[Music]
i'm really hoping she gets through yeah
like i'm rooting
for her you're like the baby spice that
everybody needs
every single group needs the cute one
that's really bubbly
so yeah you've definitely got that going
on and it was just really fun to watch
you
thank you so much it's so lovely yeah oh
you're such a lovely little ray of
sunshine
i feel like there's certain people in
life that just need that break and i
feel like you need that
and you deserve it i really appreciate
that you literally have like the most
beautiful warm energy about you
but for me i've kind of missed like a
bit of grit in your performance yeah a
bit more
maybe yeah i agree that maybe it didn't
have that a lot of umph but i think
it's all about dynamic and you don't
have to be that person in the group you
know what i mean like we all play a
different role and have different levels
of sass
yeah i just want to say i really will
bring it i'll work hard i'm a proper
grafter to get to
what you want me to get to okay please
all right i've got my fingers crossed
come on i really believe you and that's
why i'm gonna say yes
thank you
this is one of the hardest for me
because i feel like your vocals weren't
as strong as what we've seen today yeah
but there's something about you that i
absolutely love
and i don't doubt that you're gonna work
really hard so
i'm gonna say yes
okay so obviously you need three yeses
to get into the band room
[Music]
i'm gonna say yes thank you so much
[Applause]
i can tell how much you want it so i
would have said yes thank you so much
thank you for yesterday i will promise
thank you so much
[Music]
you